doc: update known issues for 2.1.0 release (#8469)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

CIA-604: ATv2 cannot be built for the ``thingy91_nrf9160_ns`` build target with ``SECURE_BOOT`` enabled
  Due to the use of static partitions with the Thingy:91, there is insufficient room in the flash memory to enable both the primary and secondary bootloaders.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0
```

Reviewer: This issue has been resolved.

Author: Noted.

Serial LTE Modem
================

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

NCSDK-13895: Build failure for target Thingy:91 with secure_bootloader overlay
  Building the application for Thingy:91 fails if secure_bootloader overlay is included.

Other issues
============

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0

NCSDK-15512: Modem traces retrieval incompatible with TF-M
  In the |NCS| v2.1.0, enabling modem traces prevents TF-M from outputting anything to **UART1**, including output from hardware fault handlers.
  You can either use **UART1** for TF-M output or for modem traces, but not for both.

>   In earlier |NCS| versions, output from hardware fault handlers from SPM would go to **UART0**, and **UART1** would be used to retrieve modem traces.

Author: @lemrey , added the known issue. Please check and approve.

Reviewer 2: Affects TF-M since the beginning, should go back to 1.6.0.
Affected Kconfigs are: TFM_LOG_LEVEL_SILENCE (disable UART1 in TF-M), and NRF_MODEM_LIB_TRACE_BACKEND_UART (enable UART1 in modem trace).

Reviewer 3: Looks good

Author: Updated.

Serial LTE Modem
================

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

NCSDK-13895: Build failure for target Thingy:91 with secure_bootloader overlay
  Building the application for Thingy:91 fails if secure_bootloader overlay is included.

Other issues
============

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 2: This will be fixed in 2.1.0, FPU support in TF-M.

Author: Updated.

NCSDK-10106: Elevated current consumption when using applications without :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem` on nRF9160
  When running applications that do not enable :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem` on nRF9160 with build code B1A, current consumption will stay at 3 mA when in sleep.

  **Workaround:** Enable :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem`.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0

NCSDK-8075: Invalid initialization of ``mbedtls_entropy_context`` mutex type
  The calls to :cpp:func:`mbedtls_entropy_init` do not zero-initialize the member variable ``mutex`` when ``nrf_cc3xx`` is enabled.

  **Workaround:** Zero-initialize the structure type before using it or make it a static variable to ensure that it is zero-initialized.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0 v1-1-0 v1-0-0

Receive error with large packets

>   nRF91 fails to receive large packets (over 4000 bytes).

Reviewer 3: This is certainly no longer an issue since the release of libmodem v2.0.0 in NCS v2.0.0

Author: Mannaggia, updated.

nRF5340
=======

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> NCSDK-16338: Setting gain for nRF21540 Front-end module does not work in the :ref:`radio_test` sample.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
NCSDK-16338: Setting gain for nRF21540 Front-end module does not work in the :ref:`radio_test` sample
```

nRF5340
=======

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 5: Fixed for 2.1.0 - please remove the new tag.

Author: Updated.

Thread
======

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1

KRKNWK-14756: Increased average latency during communication with nRF5340-based SED
  The measured average latency (RTT) of the Echo Request/Response transaction sometimes shows a slight increase over the baseline when the receiver is a Sleepy End Device based on the nRF5340 SoC platform.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v2-0-0
```

Reviewer 6: KRKNWK-14231 affects only v2-0-0

  #. To increase the scheduler queue size, replace ``XYZ`` next to ``ZB_CONFIG_SCHEDULER_Q_SIZE`` with the value of your choice, ranging from ``48U`` to ``256U``.
  #. To increase the buffer pool size, replace ``XYZ`` next to ``ZB_CONFIG_IOBUF_POOL_SIZE`` with the value of your choice, ranging from ``48U`` to ``127U``.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

Reviewer 4: Line 571: you've -> you have

   When reading multiple attributes at once and the first one is not supported, the Read Attributes Response contains two records for the first supported attribute.
   The first one record has the Status field filled with Unsupported Attribute whereas the second record contains actual data.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

KRKNWK-12017: Zigbee End Device does not recover from broken rejoin procedure

>   If the Device Announcement packet is not acknowledged by the End Device's parent, joiner logic is stopped and device doesn't recover.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  If the Device Announcement packet is not acknowledged by the End Device's parent, joiner logic is stopped and device does not recover.
```

Matter (Project CHIP)
=====================

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2

Reviewer 7: Actually, we decided to close this issue, because it's no longer visible after upmerging Matter in NCS. So it's resolved in NCS 2.1.0.

Author: Updated.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-2

> KRKNWK-15088: Android CHIP Tool freezes on changing the sensor type
>   When you change the current sensor type after activating the monitoring of another sensor type, the application freezes.
> 
>   **Workaround:** Stop the application and restart it.
>   Then, select the desired sensor type again.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
KRKNWK-15088: Android CHIP Tool shuts down on changing the sensor type
  When you change the current sensor type after activating the monitoring of another sensor type, the application shuts down.

  **Workaround:** Restart the application and select the desired sensor type again.
```

Author: Is this valid in 2.1.0? @Damian-Nordic reported it is not anymore.

> 

Reviewer 8: Please add one more known issue.

```
KRKNWK-14473: Unreliable communication with window covering sample
   Window covering sample may rarely become unresponsive for a couple of seconds after commissioning to Matter network.

**Workaround:** Switch from SSED to SED role.
```

  In more recent versions of Matter, this problem has been eliminated by enhancing Matter's Message Reliability Protocol.
  This fix will be included in the future versions of the |NCS|.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 7: It has been resolved.

Author: Noted.

KRKNWK-14206: CHIP Tool for Android may crash when using Cluster Interactive Tool screen
  Cluster Interaction Tool screen crashes when trying to send a command that takes an optional argument.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 7: It has been resolved.

Author: Noted.

  QSPI is active during every Bluetooth LE connection in the Matter samples that are programmed on the nRF53 SoC.
  This results in higher power consumption, for example during commissioning into the Matter network.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0

Reviewer 7: Could we still add one more Matter issue?
```
KRKNWK-15088: Android CHIP Tool freeze on changing the sensor type
  When a user changes the current sensor type having activated the monitoring of another sensor type, the application freezes.
  **Workaround:** Kill and restart the application. Then select the desired sensor type again.
```

Author: Done, please re-check @Damian-Nordic

Reviewer 7: Thank you!

HomeKit
=======

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> KRKNWK-14130: Bluetooth LE TX configuration is set to ``0`` dBm by default

Reviewer 9: Fixed in 2.1.0

Author: Updated

  **Workaround:** You need to configure the appropriate dBm values for Bluetooth LE and Thread manually in the source code.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

> KRKNWK-14081: HomeKit SDK light bulb example does not work with MTD

Reviewer 9: Fixed in 2.1.0

Author: Updated

  If the MTD is set to ``y`` in the light bulb sample, user is not able to communicate with the device after it has been added to the Home app using an iPhone and a HomePod Mini.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-13947: Net core downgrade prevention does not work on nRF5340
  HAP certification requirements are not met because of this issue.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> KRKNWK-13607: Stateless switch application crashes upon factory reset

Reviewer 9: Fixed in 2.1.0

Author: Updated

  When running Thread test suit on the stateless switch application, the CI crashes upon factory reset.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

KRKNWK-13249: Unexpected assertion in HAP Bluetooth Peripheral Manager
  When Bluetooth LE layer emits callback with a connect or disconnect event, one of its parameters is an underlying Bluetooth LE connection object.
  On rare occasions, this connection object is no longer valid by the time it is processed in HomeKit, and this results in assertion.
  There is no proven workaround yet.

> 

Reviewer 9: Please add a new HomeKit issue:

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0

KRKNWK-13010: Dropping from Thread to Bluetooth LE takes too long. 

Workaround:  Specification for TCT030 is going to be updated.

Author: Updated

  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply commit with fix from main (commit hash: ``c61c677872943bcf7905ddeec8b24b07ae50752e``).

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Author: Noted.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

NCSDK-15675: Possible advertising start failure and module state error in :ref:`caf_ble_adv`
  If a new peer is selected twice in a quick succession, the second peer selection may cause an advertising start failure and a module state error reported by the :ref:`caf_ble_adv`.
  See the commit with fix mentioned in the workaround for details.

  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply commit with fix from main (commit hash: ``934a25ac23125758e350b64bca23885486682109``).

> .. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 10: Fixed already.

Author: Noted.

Bluetooth® LE
=============

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2

> DRGN-17695: The BT RX thread stack might overflow if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SMP` is enabled.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
DRGN-17695: The BT RX thread stack might overflow if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SMP` is enabled
```

> DRGN-17695: The BT RX thread stack might overflow if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SMP` is enabled

Reviewer 11: DRGN-17695 does not apply to NCS 2.1

Author: Updated.

  When performing SMP pairing MPU FAULTs may be triggered because the stack is not large enough.

  **Workaround:** Increase the stack size manually in the project configuration file (:file:`prj.conf`) using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RX_STACK_SIZE`.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> NCSDK-15527: Advertising in the :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample and scanning in the :ref:`bluetooth_central_hr_coded` sample cannot be started when using the SW Split Link Layer.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
NCSDK-15527: Advertising in the :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample and scanning in the :ref:`bluetooth_central_hr_coded` sample cannot be started when using the SW Split Link Layer
```

  The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_ADV_EXT` option required by these samples is disabled by default in the SW Split Link Layer.

  **Workaround:** Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_ADV_EXT` option in the project configuration file (:file:`prj.conf`).

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

> NCSDK-15229: Incorrect peer's throughput calculation in the :ref:`ble_throughput` sample.

Reviewer 4: Please fix the same for NCSDK-13925 and DRGN-17110 (2 known issues) also.
```suggestion
NCSDK-15229: Incorrect peer's throughput calculation in the :ref:`ble_throughput` sample
```

.. rst-class:: v2-0-2

DRGN-17695: The BT RX thread stack might overflow if the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_SMP` is enabled
  When performing SMP pairing MPU FAULTs may be triggered because the stack is not large enough.

  **Workaround:** Increase the stack size manually in the project configuration file (:file:`prj.conf`) using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_RX_STACK_SIZE`.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 5: Fixed for 2.1.0 - please remove the new tag.

Author: Updated.

NCSDK-15527: Advertising in the :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample and scanning in the :ref:`bluetooth_central_hr_coded` sample cannot be started when using the SW Split Link Layer
  The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_ADV_EXT` option required by these samples is disabled by default in the SW Split Link Layer.

  **Workaround:** Enable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_CTLR_ADV_EXT` option in the project configuration file (:file:`prj.conf`).

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0

Reviewer 5: Fixed for 2.1.0 - please remove the new tag.

Author: Updated.

NCSDK-15229: Incorrect peer's throughput calculation in the :ref:`ble_throughput` sample
  The peer's measured throughput is understated because it includes a delay, during which there is no data transfer.

  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply commit with fix from main (commit hash: ``05871f9b9c2aebf0a3c188a61b3788baea783180``).

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 5: Fixed for 2.1.0 - please remove the new tag.

Author: Updated.

  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply commit with fix from ``main`` (commit hash: ``32c827b20f3c5ab85a359e572d366da310fe2767``).

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 5: @MarekPieta isn't this fixed for 2.1.0 with https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/commit/b834ff8860f3a30fe19c99dbf4c0c99b0b017245?

Reviewer 10: Yes, it should be fixed already

Author: Updated.

Reviewer 10: Thanks, @greg-fer

Bluetooth mesh
==============

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1

NCSDK-16800: RPL is not cleared on IV index recovery
  After recovering the IV index, a node doesn't clear the replay protection list, which leads to incorrect triggering of the replay attack protection mechanism.

  **Workaround:** Call ``bt_mesh_rpl_reset`` twice after the IV index recovery is done.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1

NCSDK-16798: Friend Subsciption List may have duplicate entries
  If a Low Power node loses a Friend Subscription List Add Confirm message, it repeats the request.
  The Friend does not check both the transaction number and the presence of the addresses in the subscription list.
  This causes a situation where the Friend fills the subscription list with duplicate addresses.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

NCSDK-16782: The extended advertiser may not work with Bluetooth mesh

>   Using the extended advertiser instead of the legacy advertiser can lead to getting composition data while provisioning to fail.

Reviewer 12: Add this text: "This problem may manifest in the sample :ref:`bluetooth_ble_peripheral_lbs_coex`, as it is using the extended advertiser."

Author: Added.

  **Workaround:** Reboot the device after re-provisioning.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1

Reviewer 12: ```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1
```
This has been fixed in v2-1-0

Author: Updated.

MCUboot
*******

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

> NCSDK-15494: Unable to build with RSA and ECIES-X25519 image encryptions

Reviewer 13: this is fixed

Author: Updated.

Crypto
======

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 14: v2-1-0 can be removed for NCSDK-15697 since it no longer applies

Author: Updated.

DRGN-15979: :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_K32SRC_RC_CALIBRATION` must be set when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CLOCK_CONTROL_NRF_K32SRC_RC` is set
  MPSL requires RC clock calibration to be enabled when the RC clock is used as the Low Frequency clock source.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0

DRGN-14153: Radio Notification power performance penalty
  The Radio Notification feature has a power performance penalty proportional to the notification distance.
  This means an additional average current consumption of about 600 µA for the duration of the radio notification.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0

KRKNWK-8842: MPSL does not support nRF21540 revision 1 or older
  The nRF21540 revision 1 or older is not supported by MPSL.
  This also applies to kits that contain this device.

  **Workaround:** Check the `Nordic Semiconductor website`_ for the latest information on availability of the product version of nRF21540.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0

Reviewer 15: DRGN-6362 was fixed, so synthesized low frequency clock source can be used from NCS 2.0.0 and onwards... So I suggest removing "v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0"  from here..

Author: Updated.

802.15.4 Radio driver
=====================

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0

> KRKNWK-12482: Reception of correct frames can occasionally end in failure with error ``NRF_802154_RX_ERROR_RUNTIME``

Reviewer 16: This is the limitation of 802.15.4 Radio Driver, not a known -issue. This shall be moved to the Limitations.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib/pull/809

KRKNWK-11384: Assertion with Bluetooth® LE and multiprotocol usage
  The device might assert on rare occasions during the use of Bluetooth® LE and 802.15.4 multiprotocol.

> 

Reviewer 16: .. rst-class:: v2-1-0

KRKNWK-14898: CSMA-CA backoff parameters might not be randomized in an uniform way
  The backoff parameters of the CSMA-CA operation are generated by the logic which might not return the uniformly distributed random numbers.

Author: Added.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0

> KRKNWK-11204:

Reviewer 16: This is the limitation of 802.15.4 Radio Driver, not a known-issue. This shall be moved to the Limitations.

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib/pull/809

In addition to the known issues listed here, see also :ref:`softdevice_controller_limitations` for permanent limitations.

> 

Reviewer 17: Add the below softdevice controller issues from https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrfxlib/softdevice_controller/CHANGELOG.html#bug-fixes as known issues  (even though all have been fixed in NCS 2.1):

.. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0
DRGN-17656: HardFault with periodic advertising synchronization
  When creating a periodic advertising synchronization, a HardFault might occur if receiving legacy advertising PDUs.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0
DRGN-17454: Wrong data length is selected if the even length is greater than 65535 us
  If the event length (CONFIG_BT_CTLR_SDC_MAX_CONN_EVENT_LEN_DEFAULT) was set to a value greater than 65535 us, the auto-selected maximum data length was set to 27 bytes due to an integer overflow.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0 v1-2-1 v1-2-0
DRGN-17651: Incorrect memory usage if configuring fewer TX/RX buffers than the default value
  When using the memory macros with less TX/RX packet count than the default value, the actual memory usage might be higher than expected.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0
DRGN-17710: Periodic advertiser sends AUX_SYNC_IND 40 us later than indicated in the SyncInfo of the AUX_ADV_IND
  The periodic advertiser sends its packet 40 us later than the one indicated in the SyncInfo of the AUX_ADV_IND packet.

.. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0
DRGN-17710: The scanner would attempt to receive the first AUX_SYNC_IND 40 us later than the one indicated in the SyncInfo of the AUX_ADV_IND
  This may result in the device failing to establish a synchronization to the periodic advertiser.

Author: Added

In addition to the known issues listed here, see also :ref:`softdevice_controller_limitations` for permanent limitations.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0

DRGN-16013: Initiating connections over extended advertising is not supported when external radio coexistence and FEM support are enabled
  The initiator can assert when initiating a connection to an extended advertiser when both external radio coexistence and FEM are enabled.

  **Workaround:**  Do not enable both coex (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_CX_BT`) and FEM (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MPSL_FEM`) when support for extended advertising packets is enabled (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_EXT_ADV`).

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0

Reviewer 11: DRGN-15903 is fixed in NCS 2.1.0
```suggestion
.. rst-class:: v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0 v1-9-2 v1-9-1 v1-9-0 v1-8-0 v1-7-1 v1-7-0 v1-6-1 v1-6-0 v1-5-2 v1-5-1 v1-5-0 v1-4-2 v1-4-1 v1-4-0 v1-3-2 v1-3-1 v1-3-0
```

Author: Noted.

802.15.4 Radio driver
=====================

In addition to the known issues listed here, see also :ref:`802.15.4 Radio driver limitations <nrf_802154_limitations>` for permanent limitations.

.. rst-class:: v2-1-0

KRKNWK-14898: CSMA-CA backoff parameters might not be randomized in an uniform way

>   The backoff parameters of the CSMA-CA operation are generated by the logic which might not return the uniformly distributed random numbers.

Reviewer 18: Please add following:

`KRKNWK-14950: Operation under heavy load (stress) can very rarely end with a crash with message MPSL ASSERT: 108, 659`

Author: Updated

  * Increase the TF-M partition :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_SIZE_TFM`.
  * Use Zephyr SDK version 0.14.1.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 2: This is fixed in 2.1.0

Author: Updated.

TF-M is not supported for Thingy:91 v1.5.0 and lower versions
  TF-M does not support Thingy:91 v1.5.0 and lower versions when using the factory-programmed bootloader to upgrade the firmware.
  TF-M is compatible with all versions of the Thingy:91 if you first upgrade the bootloader using an external debug probe.
  Additionally, TF-M functions while using the bootloader to upgrade the firmware if you upgrade the bootloader to |NCS| v2.0.0.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 2: This will be fixed in 2.1.0

Author: Updated.

NCSDK-15382: TF-M uses more RAM compared to SPM in the minimal configuration
  TF-M uses 64 KB of RAM in the minimal configuration, while SPM uses 32 KB of RAM.

  **Workaround:** Free up memory in the application if needed or keep :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` enabled in the application.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 2: This will be fixed in 2.1.0

Author: Updated.

NCSDK-15379: TF-M does not support FP Hard ABI
  TF-M does not support enabling the Float Point Hard Application Binary Interface configuration enabled with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FP_HARDABI`.

  **Workaround:** Use :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FP_SOFTABI` or keep :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SPM` enabled in the application.

> .. rst-class:: v2-1-0 v2-0-2 v2-0-1 v2-0-0

Reviewer 2: This will be fixed in 2.1.0

Author: Updated.
